---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---
## Cathedral vs. Bazaar

In the cathedral model source code is only available after each release whereas in the bazaar model source code is always available. I think the bazaar model is more in line with the model of free open source software development because it allows people to give continuous rapid feedback and contributions. Although bazaar model software is still free and open source, it does not necessarily welcome new contributors and or instantaneous feedback.

## Cathedral Lessons

2. Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse). I thought this was important, especially in real life software development because so much of software has already been written in some form. In school, we are constantly having to reinvent the wheel and rewrite algorithms that have already been written thousands of times. This is helpful for learning but definitely not ideal for quick and efficient software development. I think this is definitely a lesson we should keep in mind as we transition into software development and software engineering roles.
3. “Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow.” I think this is an important lesson to keep in mind so that developers don’t get too attached to any piece of code. Especially since many of us are just getting started with software development, we will probably get a lot of comments, changes, and rejections on our pull requests. We should remember that it’s normal to have to start over or make big changes to their code. It’s also important to keep in mind that as projects grow and technology advances, code will have to change and be thrown away to maintain up to date code quality.

## Free vs. Open Source Software

All free software is open source but not all open source software is free. Free software guarantees the user’s freedoms to run, modify, and distribute the software as long as it’s still under free software conditions. Open source software guidelines are looser and allows for projects to imposes tight restrictions on the users in regards to distribution, modification, and even running.

