---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


## Project Progress
This week we officially started working with our team on finding things to work on in our open source projects. I was able to setup the development environment pretty easily, although the codebase is very large so it will take some time to learn my way around it. I was also able to join the React Native discord channel. Although it's a very active chat, it seems like it's mostly chatter about how to use React Native rather than the development itself. A lot of the discussions and decision making actually takes place under issues in the repository or appear as blog posts on their website. Finally, our team was able to narrow down our issue options and find a few issues we could possibly report. For example, when running unit tests, there is one that throws a warning and the test is skipped.

## Wikipedia
It really surprised me that in 2005, there was only one employee working for Wikipedia. A quick google search seems to suggest that since then, that number has grown to approximately 300, which is still very small for the amount of work that goes into a project like that. I'd be really interested in hearing more about how Wikipedia grew, why they expanded, and what those 300 employees are mainly responsible for. I would imagine Wikipedia contributors are very passionate about whatever article they're writing/editing as well as about sharing knowledge with the world. I think it would be cool to be a regular contributor to Wikipedia, depending on how my first few contributions go. I'm hoping to find some very small niche articles I can contribute to based on my interests. For example, I'm on the NYU Dance Team and collegeiate dance teams and dance competitions are something I know a lot about that there isn't too much information on Wikipedia about.
