---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---


## Kevin Fleming: Open Source at Bloomberg
Prior to this talk, I didn't really know anything about Bloomberg or what Bloomberg does so the entire talk was pretty interesting to me. Learning that their core product is Bloomberg terminal, a tool for people who manage money, made the use of open source software at Bloomberg more interesting. I had always associated finance, investment, and money management with very secretive proprietary software so finding out how much open source software Bloomberg uses was really surprising. Many of the projects Kevin mentioned were so complex or new to me that I don't think I quite understood what was going on. However, one that I mostly understood and found really interesting was the PowerfulSeal testing tool for Kubernetes. I liked that they took successful ideas from other software companies like Netflix, and applied them to their own software. This tool, or some version of it, also seems like it would be extremely benefecial to a lot of other software companies and even for small projects like startup apps or websites that don't have the bandwidth to hire testers or quality assurance specialists.

## Project Progress
This week we made a lot of progress on our project because we were able to communicate with the maintainers and get more specific instructions on our component migration. Unfortunately, we had to scratch everything from the previous week and start over, but we've made good progress with our new repository and the group understands what's happening and how to move forward.
