---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

My team's project is tickStop, a browser extension that helps keep track of time spent on social media platforms in an active session and the user if their social media time limit is exceeded. This week I worked on getting the extension started, this included adding the manifest.json and background.js files. I also added some of the basic functionalities of the extension such as tracking when the user is on a social media site such as facebook, and pushing a notification after a certain amount of time on the site.

I started by intercepting web requests to URLs with www.facebook.com in them, but soon realized that sites like facebook send too many requests in the background for this to work efficiently. Instead, I switched to tracking the tab URL, this seems to be a good way to track when the user enters or leaves a social media page. I also added an alarm feature to the extension. We have not yet implemented the ability for users to choose their own time limit so the alarm goes off every 20 minutes in the real extension or every 6 seconds for testing. Finally, I added the notification capability. This allows our extension to push a notificiation to the user everytime the alarm goes off.

I think our project is in good shape to be completed by the due date. Some things we still need to work on are:
* allowing the user to set their own time limit
* accounting for active and inactive tabs
* adding other social media URLs
* adding an option to snooze or turn off the alarms

This week I also gained more experience working with Git and Github. I learned how to fork a repository, how to make a proper pull request, and how to file/resolve issues.
