---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---
Working on a team that you haven't known for very long can be a little difficult. Because we don't really know each other
and didn't have too much time to meet when we started th project, getting the project started was a little rocky. However,
after we got the skeleton of the browser extension started, it was easier to split the project into smaller parts and work
on those separately. In addition, once people started reporting issues and feature requests, it was easy to assign those to
different people. Our group worked completely remotely, messaging each other over Facebook or talking to each other during
spare moments in class. Although it took more time to explain some things over text to each other, I think we handled it well
and didn't need to be in the same room to complete the project. As far as decision making goes, this project seemed pretty
free form so everyone was able to add the features they wanted. Had we been giving more strict requirements or a larger project
we probably would have needed to come up with a better system of decision making and organization.

This week, I merged a pull request to add installation instructions to our README.md. I also added a support section to the
README.md so contributors know where to report issues and feature requests. Finally, I addressed an issue on the tabi-clock
project to fix a broken settings link. Since they didn't have any settings yet, I added a link to direct the user to a
temporary settings page that lets the user know the settings page is a work in progress. I am still waiting for that pull
request to be merged but I'm hoping they will accept the changes or give me feedback to improve my changes.
