---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


## Open Source
Open source is software that can be accessed by anyone. It can also be modified and reused by anyone. This allows open source projects to potentially gain more contributors, ideas, and testers than closed source. With an open source project more people have the resources to develop solutions, extensions, and bug fixes which can lead to faster and wider development of a project. However, open source projects lack the control and management a closed source project might have. It is difficult to control who does what with open source code. It can also be difficult to make decisions when there are many contributors and no clear chain of command. I wanted to take a class about open source software because it seems more relevant to the real world than many of the other classes. Open source is something I've heard many companies and experienced software developers talk about and it seems like a great opportunity to learn from and connect with others in the tech community. 

## Projects
**Atom**: atom is a text editor that includes a package manager, autocompletion, and access to source control from within the editor. It also allows users to write and customize their own features to suit the needs of their individual projects. I've used atom to work on larger projects because the in program version control makes it easier to see branches and stacked diffs and what not. Some good alternatives include vscode (which is also open source), and sublime (which is not open source).
**React Native**: React Native is similar to react but is used for building mobile apps. I've used it to build an app that is available on both ios and android without having to build one app in java and one in swift. Alternatives to React Native include Apache Cordova and PhoneGap however I have not tried either of these solutions.
**Linux**: Linux is something that I use everyday and often don't even think about using. So many applicationsn run on Linux it would be extremely difficult to avoid it completely by using alternatives. However, other operating systems include Windows and Mac.
**Firefox**: Firefox is one of the most well known web browsers and allows users to easily add extensions and customization. Although Google Chrome has the majority of the market for web browsers today, there was a time when Firefox was my default browser. Other alternatives to Firefox include Internet Explorer and Safari.
