*"Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."*

I thought this lesson carries the same meaning as the idea that less is more. The more you can simplify something while still accomplishing the task at the hand, the better. You want your design and code to be more compact, more easily understandable, and more direct. In other words, you want to be able to strip out anything unnecessary until there's nothing more to take away.

*"When your language is nowhere near Turing-complete, syntactic sugar can be your friend."*

This lesson is a little confusing to me but I understood it as the idea that if your language can't do everything you want it to, you can dress it up with nice syntax to somewhat makeup for it. It seems like syntactic sugar is a way to disguise or makeup for any pitfalls or functional holes in the language.

*"The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users. Sometimes the latter is better."*

I thought this lesson was important, especially because most of us will be going into writing software for users having never interacted with users or clients before. I think as software engineers it can be easy to overlook certain pitfalls in your software, or make assumptions about how it will be used. Your users are ultimately who you want to impress, so their ideas are the most important ones in terms of gaining and keeping users. Furthermore, there are usually far more users than developers, so there will most likely be more ideas amongst users and hopefully more good ideas amongst users, that developers hadn't thought of.

**Work This Week**

This week my team settled on an issue and let the maintainers of our project know we claimed it. As it involved migrating components, I forked the new and old repos, and added some of the basic files to the new repo such as the .gitignore, license, readme, etc. I also worked with Wagner to find the necessary files to migrate and we began working on moving those into a new repo.
