---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Christos Bacharakis from Mozilla Foundation

I really admired the passion for open source software that Christos and the Mozilla Foundation have. I also found myself feeling less hesitant about open source software development when I heard Christos talking about how welcoming the communities he's worked with has been. Finally, I was excited to learn about the open source student network that Mozilla sponsors. I think it's a great way for computer science students to connect in the real world and learn important skills for our future careers. I also think it's a great testament to Mozilla's mission and their commitment to their mission. Mozilla's mission to build a better internet feels like a much needed positive presence in today's technological environment.

## React Licensing

The React repository has an MIT license while the reactjs repository has a Creative Commons license. The MIT license that the main repository has allows user to modify and distribute the code for commercial and personal use. This means that users can profit off of the software or change it for other means. However, once a user downloads, changes, or distributes the code, the maintainers are no longer responsible for anything that happens. In addition, the code cannot be used in anything involving patents or trademarks.

## Installing React

Last week I evaluated the repository for [react](https://github.com/facebook/react), however I noticed that this repository had no documentation issues. Documentation for react is in the [reactjs repository](https://github.com/reactjs/reactjs.org). I forked, installed, and ran this repository which went very smoothly. I already had node and yarn installed so I may have avoided some issues there, but otherwise installing and running this project was very simple and well documented.
